[Annalise] Previously on
How to Get Away With Murder...
You trust Tegan?
She recently got an e-mail
that caught I.T.'s attention.
[Annalise, quietly]
Emmett's watching you.
Clearly something weird
is going on right now.
-You haven't
seen this yet?
-[anchor] An anonymous tip
led to the discovery
of an abandoned car.
This was Nate?
Annalise tried to adopt
Wes Gibbins.
I heard Miller
on the phone
talking to someone
about the adoption.
-Who?
-Someone named Lynne.
[reporter] FBI agents
were just seen arriving
at the Governor's mansion.
Connor needs to call
his mom right now.
She just posted
a photo of us.
With Nate and Miller, too.
[Poke's "Happy Christmas
Everyone" plays]
♪ Happy Christmas ♪
It's starting to look
a lot like Christmas!
How did you even
afford this crap?
Credit card.
No expenses will be spared
for my son's
first Christmas.
-Ohh.
-[baby fusses]
Oh. This side needs
more ornaments.
I don't think Christopher's
gonna notice.
Okay, so, when do we
get to, like,
eat chocolate cookies
and watch Hallmark movies?
Uh, when you stop complaining
and start decorating!
-How fun is this, mi amor?
-[cellphone ringing]
[smooches]
-Hello?
-[heavy breathing]
-[breathing continues]
Maman?
Your mother?
-Maman, c'est toi?
-Oh, my God.
[line clicks, beeping]
Was it her?
I'm just
being paranoid.
Oliver. [clears throat]
That's upside down.
[suitcase rolling]
I don't understand.
What are we doing
in a hotel?
This is my apartment,
Mamma.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
-My, oh, my. Oh, my.
-[chuckles]
If I don't feel
like I'm visiting
Miss Winfrey herself.
[laughs]
My baby done good!
[both laugh]
How 'bout a nap?
Not until you tell me
what I'm doing here.
It's Christmas, Mamma.
You fly all the way home
just to pick me up, though?
-Celestine should see
this mansion, too!
-I know,
but I wanted you
all to myself.
We can do
whatever we want.
We could watch TV,
pig out.
I'll do
all the cooking...
Mamma,
what is it?
Hmm?
My baby is living
her best life.
[voice breaking]
I'm so proud of you.
Proud.
Just proud.
[cellphone ringing]
Oh.
-What's the matter?
-Phone.
-[cellphone beeps]
-Give me a minute.
[Annalise] Hello?
[Agent Telesco] Ms. Keating,
Agent Telesco with the FBI.
Are you free to come in
and answer a few questions?
My mother's visiting.
Listen...
We know you tried
to adopt Wes Gibbins.
What case are you
working here, exactly?
Miller's
or my husband's?
Let's have this conversation
in person.
-I'm hanging up--
-We're prepared
to offer you
complete immunity,
Ms. Keating.
For what?
All of it.
Just come in.
After the holiday.
[cellphone beeps]
[knocking on door]
[lock clicks]
Not visiting your mom
for Christmas?
Don't talk to me
about my mom.
I'm here to make amends.
[Gabriel]
I told the Feds everything
Annalise wanted me to.
Why are you here?
-To kiss and make up.
-Just leave.
I would've told Annalise
who you were months ago
if I thought
you were a bad guy.
But I didn't,
and now she hates me.
Ain't that enough
for you?
You wanna know
why I didn't go home?
My mother would've asked me
a thousand questions,
any of which I answer
with the truth
would've sent her
on a pill binge.
So you're
protecting her.
No, I'm lying to her,
every day.
And maybe you're okay
with doing that, but...
she's a good person,
and she deserves better.
She deserved better
than Sam, too.
So did you.
[Sheila]
Ronnie wasn't just my son.
He was my friend.
He would come over
on weekends.
We'd watch the Eagles--
he'd make his famous
seven-layer dip.
Maybe it's 'cause
he was my only child,
but I always felt that
our connection was rare.
It's my faith
that lets me know
that Ronnie is not alone.
He is with his father...
[voice breaking] who I know
is so very glad to see him.
[sobs quietly]
Thank you so much
for coming.
Of course.
-Hello.
-Um, Asher Millstone.
I was
your son's intern.
-Oh.
-He's my mentor,
more than
he needed to be.
Really believed
in my potential and...
Um, I'll let you...
-What have you heard?
-Just what's on the news.
But you knew the Governor
was involved before we talked.
-How?
-I just heard
what the police told you.
[sighs]
You know I couldn't
even see his body?
They used bleach on him.
He was unrecognizable.
-I'm so sorry.
-Listen, Bonnie.
You need to catch
the people who did this
and make sure
they get the death penalty
so I can
watch them die.
[reporter] Police have
revealed new information
about the murder
of D.A. Ronald Miller--
namely, that the bleach
and acid used
in the disposal of his body
match a previous murder
allegedly committed
by an employee
of Moretti Construction.
The Moretti Family
was a top donor
in Governor Birkhead's
last campaign,
-therefore offering
one reason as to...
-Nate is so smart.
...why the FBI questioned
the Governor about
the D.A. last--
Hey!
-No more murder.
-Great. My mom's almost here.
Aw, she's gonna be sad that
Asher's not here to greet her.
No more Asher jokes.
She's feeling very sensitive
ever since I had her remove
that photo from Instagram.
Why? Because she's
in love with him?
No, because
she's ashamed,
as she should be.
So let's all
just act normal,
and maybe
she won't notice
that we're all terrified
about going to jail.
Well, she didn't notice that her
husband was gay for 20 years,
so I think
we're good.
[rhythmic knock on door]
-[Connor]
Normal and happy, okay?
-[door opens]
-Happy holidays!
-Hi.
-[laughing] Hi!
-Hi!
-Hey!
-It's so good to see you.
-Honey! Oh, nice to see you!
-[door closes]
-[Ophelia] There he is!
Come wrap them
big arms around me.
-Don't hurt him, Mamma.
-[laughs]
-[chuckles]
-How you doing, Miss Ophelia?
Better than ever.
And your daddy?
-How's he doing?
-Mamma...
Please tell me he's coming
for dinner tomorrow.
He's a little bit
under the weather,
but maybe you can
see him next time.
I understand.
But that's a promise.
Of course.
[Nate and Ophelia chuckle]
Mamma, let's get you
to bed now.
-I'm not going to bed.
-Okay, Mamma.
I don't need
to go to no bed.
People go to bed
at nighttime.
That's when people
go to sleep.
-It's nice you invited her.
-It's selfish.
She's keeping me from drinking
my way into the new year.
[chuckles]
Now, what's going on?
Telesco wants me to come in
for an interview.
Okay.
That means your plan
is not working.
The body already
led them to the Governor--
Then why are they
offering me immunity?
-You gonna take it?
-Stop--
You have nothing
to do with this--
So you think I should
sell you out,
-put you in jail?
-You've done it before.
This is what they want,
Annalise--
turn us
against each other.
That's the only way
this thing falls apart.
There are a million ways
that this could fall apart.
Listen to me,
right now.
I can take care of myself,
and I believe I've done that.
But if you feel like
that's too much,
then maybe you should
take the deal.
That's not
what I want.
You say that now.
Wait until the deal's
in front of you.
[switch clicks]
[Annalise sniffles]
Drinking again?
Course not.
I heard you and
Nathaniel talking.
Now, what trouble
you got yourself in?
None.
Then what is this deal
you're thinking about taking?
It's a legal matter,
Mamma.
It's--
It's about my work.
But it can hurt Nathaniel if you
take it-- ain't this right?
Don't you dare do that.
Nathaniel
is a good man.
Not as good
as you think.
Let's go
to sleep, Mamma.
We got a big day
tomorrow.
-[The Rosebuds'
"Click Click Click" plays]
-Smile! Smile, Christopher!
Ho, ho.
It's the beard.
-He can sense
I can't grow my own.
-[laughter]
Here, Mom. I'll take
a photo of you and Oli.
Oh, love that.
Oh.
-[whispering] Check there
aren't other photos.
-Why do you think I asked?
[Pam] What are you guys
whispering about?
[louder] Oh, I was just
saying how jealous I am
that Connor has you.
My mother's idea of Christmas
is running a toys-for-tots scam
to pay off
her gambling debts.
Well, I guess that explains
why you're not spending
the holidays
with your family.
-What about you, Laurel?
-Mom, don't be nosey.
[knock on door]
Ho, ho, ho.
Can I talk
to you both?
[song continues]
-Who is that?
-Mom, no.
[door closes]
-Gabriel's gonna spend
Christmas here with you guys.
-No, he's not.
-I already made Asher
invite him.
-Why?
Sad, lonely people
do stupid things.
This is an easy way
to keep him on our side.
Maybe just wear something
a little more form-fitting.
-Frank--
-Did Laurel tell you she got
a creepy call
from a mouth-breather?
It was a blocked number,
and they hung up.
-She thinks
it was her mother.
-I don't know that, though.
You'll tell us
if we're not safe?
Just let me know
if it happens again.
It's Christmas, okay?
We can all afford to have
one nice day a year.
[Agent Telesco]
Ms. Price.
This is my home.
I wouldn't be here
if you'd return my calls.
You are the one person who can
find out what Annalise knows.
I was with her when the news
of Miller's body broke.
She doesn't know
anything.
Is that why you're okay
going to her Christmas dinner?
Call me if you
find out anything.
Hey.
Why are you
working today?
I wasn't invited
to Annalise's.
[car door opens, closes]
Thought pie would be
better than booze.
Oh.
Did you talk to them?
Gabe's gonna be
at their house all day.
-We're good.
-Okay.
-You okay?
-God, I will be
once my mother
is away from the stove.
Mamma!
There's the man.
I gotta hand it to you.
I had my doubts,
but copycatting the Moretti hit
was pure genius.
Dude.
I'll fix that later.
Quiet. I didn't want
to tell Bonnie,
but the FBI's calling
Annalise in for an interview.
They're offering
her immunity.
She should take it.
She's the only one of us
that hasn't actually...
you know...
[clicks tongue]
[handles creak]
[water running]
[handles creak, water stops]
[breathing heavily]
What's wrong with you?
What do you think?
I told you not
to go to that funeral.
-Like I had a choice.
-[knock on door]
[door opens]
-Merry Christmas.
[quietly]
Annalise...
[Emmett]
Nice to see you.
Can you trust her?
Can I trust anyone
at this point?
-Hey.
-Hello.
-Merry Christmas.
-Ooh, salsa partner!
-[laughter]
-[Emmett] Merry Christmas.
[wind rushing]
Asher! [chuckles]
Perfect timing.
Take off
your shirt.
-What?
-What? No, not for--
Uh, I-I'm giving
everyone their presents.
-Uh-huh.
-Ugly Christmas sweaters!
-Ah.
-Here! [laughs]
Oh, Gabriel, I'm so sorry.
I-I don't have an extra.
-I think I'll be okay.
-Ah.
[quietly] Hey, uh,
you can't be nice to her.
Yeah, don't worry.
I'll just, uh,
bring out the old
"hit it and quit it" Asher.
You just
made it worse.
-Beer or wine?
-[silverware clinking]
Beer.
-Thanks for having me.
-Thank Frank.
He made us invite you.
Oh, and, uh, no flirting
with Michaela.
[indistinct conversations]
[sighs]
-All right. Uh...
-Thanks.
-[glass clinking]
-Listen up.
[Annalise] Oh, no. We--
We are not doing toasts.
Oh, you can handle
a few compliments, Annalise.
To those I'm--
I'm just meeting,
Mrs. Harkness, uh,
thank you for sparing me
from having to, uh,
dine alone at an IHOP.
To Annalise,
our lovely host,
please know how grateful
I feel to be here today.
[all] Cheers.
Who are you?
Mamma,
Emmett is my boss.
Way you were talking,
I thought that you were...
-a new boyfriend.
-Okay, let's eat.
[chuckles]
My baby
is generous, though.
Although that's not the first
word that comes to mind
when you mention
Anna Mae.
[chuckles]
-Anna Mae?
-First grade, I get a call
from the principal...
We're not
doing this, Mamma.
No, no, we gotta
hear this.
...wanting to know if everything
was all right at home,
'cause Anna Mae never
had any lunch to eat.
I started yelling
at that man.
How dare you accuse me
of neglecting my child?
Turned out that Ms. Anna Mae
was giving her lunch
to a homeless man
on her way to school.
I didn't do that.
Yes, you did.
You don't remember.
That's why
you're a lawyer, baby.
And that's why
you teach.
You will always be
my generous baby girl,
whether you like it
or not.
-Are you finished?
-Yes, I am.
Okay, then I order
all of you to eat
so that your mouths
are full
so that you won't be able
to talk about me.
[silverware clinking]
[chuckles] You have to got
to see this place, Mac Daddy.
Anna Mae is
in the big money now.
I miss you, too,
my Mac Daddy.
And Anna Mae misses you--
Yes, she does!
She said it right to my face.
Hey.
I miss that, too.
That story up at dinner
about you and me?
[laughs]
-Hmm?
-You ought to behave yourself.
Shame on you.
I think she heard us,
wants you to help me.
That wasn't me
in the story.
It was Celestine.
No way in hell would I
ever give away my lunch.
I miss you
kissing on me.
I'm-- All right.
Back off, now.
Don't get naughty.
Don't get naughty on me.
[laughs]
Bonnie?
I haven't had a chance
to say this,
but please accept
my condolences.
I can't imagine
how hard this is.
How did you know
we were together?
Our friends
at the D.A.'s.
Was it not
public knowledge?
No.
I'm not feeling well.
[door opens, closes]
-Everyone dig in.
-Mmm.
Don't forget
your roughage.
Oliver.
Oh, come on,
Connor.
Hey, Mom, why don't you
have something to eat?
Don't you take
his side, Oliver.
Take his side
about what?
We don't need
to talk about it.
-Asher and I had an encounter.
-Mom...
It was not
my finest moment,
but we're all adults
with needs.
-Stop. I'm begging you.
-And if another adult
with their own needs
wants to do something that,
you know, nobody's done
for me in a very long time,
he should be praised
for that. Right?
I'm gonna-- I'm gonna
go to the restroom.
Mmm. This mac and cheese
is really good, babe.
Yeah, and let me remind you,
Connor Morgan,
I was the mom who let
her teenage son
have sex with a 23-year-old man
in her home.
-That happened?
-None of you realize
how much parents sacrifice
their own happiness
-for their children.
-Laurel has a child.
Yes, well, then, she gets
how hurtful it would be
if Christopher decided not
to spend Christmas with her.
-You're here.
-I know, but the rest of you.
Where are your parents?
W-why aren't you calling them?
Because I can guarantee you,
they're heartbroken
none of you are choosing to
spend the holidays with them.
-[knock on door]
-Oh. [clears throat]
[door opens]
Special Agent Telesco
from the FBI.
-Are you Oliver Hampton?
-Yes.
-And, uh, your husband.
-That's me.
I have a warrant
for your wedding photos.
[cellphone vibrating]
[door opens]
[dishes clinking]
-[door creaks shut]
-[vibrating stops]
Where's Tegan?
Uh, she had--
had to go see a friend.
I'll call an Uber
just as soon
as I get these leftovers
in order.
Take them home.
Yeah, to my, uh,
mini-fridge at the hotel?
At least tell me that
they gave you a suite.
Oh, yeah, so I have more room
to, uh, be by myself in?
-Well, it works for me.
-Does it? [chuckles]
You know, I-I get it,
'cause you have, uh,
a lot more than I do.
What do I have
that you don't?
You have
a great mother
and friends
who admire you.
That doesn't mean
they like me.
Why don't you just
accept that we do?
"We"?
Yeah, we.
Okay, well,
all I'm saying is,
is that you have
this whole life that,
you know, you don't
share at work.
Today you did.
And you made me
feel at home,
and I haven't
felt at home anywhere
in a really long time.
So thank you
for that.
Well...
[chuckles]
It's late.
Yeah, I'll go.
Mm.
[door opens, closes]
-[toy rattles]
-[baby fusses]
Sorry, precioso.
No crying, okay?
[keys clacking]
[quietly] Do we need
to call your father?
-He does tax law.
-[scoffs]
Why didn't you tell me
that District Attorney
-was at the wedding?
-I didn't know.
I guess Bonnie was dating him,
and he showed up.
Well, I'm not drunk
anymore, Connor.
And they're asking
for photos,
and you had me
delete a photo.
Yeah, because you hooked up
with my friend.
Can I jump in?
Um...
I'm an intern
at the D.A.'s office,
and I know
the guy who died.
It's a really sad
situation,
so the FBI's
just doing their job.
Connor just didn't want
your memories of the wedding
to be ruined.
Thank God you went to
the bathroom when you did.
They already know
I'm on your guys' side.
-Are you?
-I can leave
if you all
don't trust me.
Just take this peace offering
and entertain yourself.
Let me ask you
something.
This whole time,
all anyone's ever told me
is that Sam's a bad guy.
I told you,
we barely even knew him.
Just tell me one thing
you remember about him.
-Get off!
-Laurel!
[screams]
-Oh, God.
-I'm sorry.
There's nothing
I can tell you.
How do you not want to
find your birth parents?
You looked for yours. You feel
good about what you found?
-Actually, yeah, I do.
-How?
He impregnated a student
and then murdered her.
Well, at least
I'm not wondering anymore,
walking around with
this whole abandonment complex.
Well, there's where
we're different.
I never felt abandoned.
-I don't believe you.
-Y-- Stop projecting on me.
You know what?
I'm taking my wine back.
[Connor] This isn't legal
under the 4th Amendment.
Read the warrant
closer.
-What's going on?
-They're now saying
-they have to take my laptop.
-What?!
-Ms. Castillo,
nice to see you again.
-You can't do this.
It actually says they can
take anything
that might help with
the investigation.
Okay, but why haven't you looked
into my father for this?
He killed Denver--
he must've done this, too.
The evidence isn't leading us
to your father.
Well, where is it
leading to?
Here, apparently.
[inhales deeply]
We'll be in touch.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Some drama
after you left.
The Feds raided the kids' house,
took Oli's laptop.
Maybe you can ask
what they're looking for
when you're back
in the office?
Bon?
I should've gone with you
to the funeral.
I'm sorry.
I'm a week late.
I've been feeling dizzy
the last few days, too.
And nauseous.
You, uh...
take a pregnancy test?
I can't do this.
Hey.
You got me.
No matter what happens,
I'm here.
[sniffles]
[Frank] Tell me there's nothing
they can find.
[Oliver] There's definitely
things they could find.
-They just won't.
-Are you sure?
I'm the only one who can
get past my firewalls.
-This is the FBI.
-As long as they don't have
-my passwords, we're fine.
-We're not fine
as long as my mother's
threatening to call my father.
It's my father
I'm most worried about.
Maybe he's the one
prank-calling me.
Then I'm not safe,
and neither is Christopher.
-So maybe I go to the FBI,
talk to Telesco...
-What's wrong?
-...see if I can get her
to focus on my father instead.
-It's just a bug.
-Annalise?
-Hmm?
Do you think that I should
talk to Telesco about this?
I'm already going
to talk to her,
so don't do anything
until after.
Why are you talking
to the FBI?
They called me in
for an interview.
We've escaped this long,
so why should that change?
Hey.
What are you thinking?
Nate told me
about the immunity.
Did you tell Bonnie?
No.
Good.
[door opens]
Why don't you just admit
you're here to babysit me?
[chuckling] Oh, no.
Just to hang out.
Yeah.
I have a present
for you.
From your father,
really.
We started writing to each other
after the Supreme Court.
And then he passed,
and I thought you would like
to know how proud he was.
Thank you.
[door opens, closes]
[footsteps approaching]
What's wrong?
Why does something
always have to be wrong?
-[scoffs]
-That's right,
because both of you
always getting yourself
in some kind
of trouble.
Mamma, we're fine.
You're not fine.
You'd be fine
if you got married.
So you wouldn't have to testify
against each other.
Isn't that what you lawyers
call "spousal privilege"?
Isn't that
what you call it?
Huh?
I don't know.
I'm just saying it,
if you...
[sighs]
I'm gonna mind my business.
[dog barking in distance]
You left so you could talk
about what's going on
without me hearing.
Uh, it was just a boring
legal conversation.
Yeah, it was so boring,
I wish I could've skipped it.
Oliver,
you're a wonderful singer,
but a terrible liar.
Just give us a second.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Tell me the truth.
Otherwise I'm packing you
in my suitcase
and I'm taking you home.
You can't tell Dad.
-Oh...
-Promise.
I won't.
Um...
This all involves
the Governor.
I know. I-I read all about
that investigation online.
Yeah, but what
you don't know
is that the Governor's
been coming after Annalise.
It's all because we won
our Supreme Court case.
And now the FBI is working
with the Governor
to try and scare us
into dropping clients.
-This is not making me
feel better.
-Of course not.
But that's...
the type of man that
you raised me to be--
to live a life that's about
something bigger than myself.
And that feels
really good.
Even if it means the FBI
has to show up
at my house sometimes.
I hate all this.
But I'm so proud
of you.
[Annalise] Mamma?
You're sad
because I gotta go.
So am I.
Then stay.
Your Daddy
wouldn't like that.
I know that you're mad at me
still for taking him back.
Oh, Mamma, I'm happy
if you're happy.
Anna Mae, I'm happy
because I make myself happy,
and I make myself happy
by loving him.
Oh.
God knows
I tried not to,
just worrying about myself
and my children.
Well, I worry about more
than just myself, Mamma.
-I know that.
-Do you?
'Cause it sounds like you
want me to be that little girl
who goes hungry
so everyone else can eat.
Nobody wants you
to go hungry, Anna Mae.
You know that.
We just want you
to be happy.
Sam had a son.
With his first wife.
His name is Gabriel.
I didn't know
until now.
Sam lied
all that time.
Bastard.
Every man I ever loved
has hurt me, Mamma.
And I'm not you.
I can't forgive and forget.
I tried, but...
And I don't want
to let anyone else in.
I just want
to be alone.
How in the hell are you alone
when I'm here?
Because you're packing up
to go home,
and I'm gonna be left here
to do what?
Save everyone else,
even if it kills me?
What about me
saving myself?
Only by saving
everyone else...
-can you save you.
-Oh.
Loving your Daddy
was not for him.
It was for me.
Because that love
fills me up.
Just like my love for you
And, God Almighty, I wish
you knew what it was like
for a mamma
to love her child,
but you gotta
take what you got.
And all you got right now
is Nathaniel.
What about me
loving myself, Mamma?
Doesn't that count
for anything?
You'll never
love yourself
if you hurt people,
Anna Mae.
We both know that.
We're all right,
baby.
We're all right.
[glass taps]
[sighs]
[cellphone beeps]
[cellphone ringing]
[sniffling]
[Agent Telesco]
Hello?
I can meet you tomorrow
at 3:00.
Does that work?
Of course.
Should I prepare
immunity paperwork?
I don't see why not.
Well,
I'll see you then.
[cellphone beeps]
You're offering
Annalise immunity?
Unless you can give me a reason
why she doesn't deserve it.
[door opens]
Agent Telesco
will be in shortly.
[door closes]
[cellphone ringing]
Hey, Ma.
You got the present
I sent you?
See, I do pay attention.
Yeah, I-I-I actually spent
the day with Michaela.
♪ We reach when
it's reachless ♪
♪ And doe-eyed ♪
[cellphone taps]
♪ And keep the creaking night ♪
♪ So close that it's seething ♪
[vocalizing]
So?
No.
♪ Blind your silence white ♪
♪ We reach when
it's reachless ♪
♪ And doe-eyed ♪
[babbling]
♪ And keep the creaking night ♪
♪ So close that it's seething ♪
[phone rings]
[Agent Telesco] This is FBI
Special Agent Claire Telesco.
-Leave a message.
-[beeps]
Hi. This is
Laurel Castillo.
Call me back.
♪ Blind your silence white ♪
♪ We reach when
it's reachless ♪
♪ And doe-eyed ♪
Sorry to
keep you waiting.
I imagine
you're quite busy.
You have something to report
about D.A. Miller's case?
It's about the lead agent
on the case, Claire Telesco.
♪ So close that it's seething ♪
You're offering Annalise
immunity?
Unless you can give a reason
why she doesn't deserve it.
[vocalizing]
[inhales sharply]
What?
[breathing shakily]
Promise you'll protect me.
Of course.
I mean it, Claire.
I've got no one.
You've got me.
[sniffles]
You don't care about me.
You work past 9:00
every night...
never leave your house
on Sundays.
Great.
So you know I'm pathetic
and single.
If that makes you
pathetic,
so am I.
You're single?
You're surprised?
[both laugh]
Claire...
Come here.
[Agent Lanford]
Did you feel coerced?
Not at all.
Claire and I both
share the blame
for crossing
that line.
But my personal safety
is still at risk,
so I'd feel
more comfortable
if I was reassigned
to a new agent.
[Agent Telesco]
You're overreacting!
This has become a pattern
of misconduct.
In the past month alone,
you've planted evidence...
Now, as you can see,
the agent plants the evidence
that the FBI can't find
in the first place.
...you offered a deal
to a defendant
without his lawyer present...
[Gabriel] I'm not doing this
without my lawyer.
So you don't want us
to drop the charges?
...and now you have slept
with an informant,
an act that could discredit
this entire investigation.
This is Keating
playing us.
All of our hard evidence
points to Birkhead.
-It's planted evidence--
-We just got the report
on Miller's car.
The dirt on his tires
matches the soil
at the Moretti
construction site.
[sighs]
Claire, no one has worked
harder on this than you.
But I'm gonna have to
take you off Bonfire
until further notice.
[door opens]
I'm sorry, Ms. Keating.
We're going to have
to reschedule you.
Why?
I'm not
at liberty to say.
Why are you
doing this?
The same reason little Anna Mae
gave up her lunch.
And don't relax too much.
I just bought you time
until Telesco's replacement
catches up.
You can sleep
with that one.
[chuckles]
I don't know
what to say.
Then that's all
you need to say.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[cellphone ringing]
This is Annalise.
I came here against
my better judgment.
I'm glad you did.
I want to end this,
Annalise.
Then confess.
We're in the right place
for it.
None of this was me.
D.A. Miller,
Nate Lahey Senior--
You could've lied to me
over the phone.
I know who killed
Nate Senior.
You know him, too.
Emmett Crawford.
[papers rustle]